# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`apcupsd`](#apcupsd): Install daemon acpupsd to communicate with a UPS

## Classes

### <a name="apcupsd"></a>`apcupsd`

This module is distributed under the GNU Affero General Public License:

Apcupsd module for puppet
Copyright (C) 2010 Sarava Group

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `apcupsd` class:

* [`ensure`](#-apcupsd--ensure)
* [`upstype`](#-apcupsd--upstype)
* [`cable`](#-apcupsd--cable)
* [`device`](#-apcupsd--device)
* [`nisip`](#-apcupsd--nisip)
* [`admin`](#-apcupsd--admin)
* [`mail`](#-apcupsd--mail)
* [`polltime`](#-apcupsd--polltime)

##### <a name="-apcupsd--ensure"></a>`ensure`

Data type: `Enum['present', 'absent']`

Set to absent to tell apcupsd that it is not configured and to stop the
service.

Default value: `'present'`

##### <a name="-apcupsd--upstype"></a>`upstype`

Data type: `String`

Type of UPS device being connected to

Default value: `'apcsmart'`

##### <a name="-apcupsd--cable"></a>`cable`

Data type: `String`

Type of connection used with the UPS

Default value: `'smart'`

##### <a name="-apcupsd--device"></a>`device`

Data type: `String`

Device file used for certain types

Default value: `'/dev/ttyS0'`

##### <a name="-apcupsd--nisip"></a>`nisip`

Data type: `String`

IP address on which the network information service will listen for
connections.

Default value: `'127.0.0.1'`

##### <a name="-apcupsd--admin"></a>`admin`

Data type: `String`

User name or email address for service administrator. Mails will be sent to
the user or address when the battery needs to be changed.

Default value: `'root'`

##### <a name="-apcupsd--mail"></a>`mail`

Data type: `String`

Command used to send emails for battery change alerts.

Default value: `'mail'`

##### <a name="-apcupsd--polltime"></a>`polltime`

Data type: `Integer[0]`

Interval in seconds between each polls to the UPS.

Default value: `60`

